Sir, what about this fund?
There is only one last day left.
If you don't buy it now
We don't know when the next opening will be.
I know but the money I have on hand
It's money for my mother's surgery
Don't you want your mother
For better treatment?
Don't you want your mother to be in a better hospital?
I think you are a dutiful son.
I'll tell you a secret secretly.
Our fund
It will rise to more than 50% when the market opens tomorrow.
You buy it today and you can take it out tomorrow.
It won't delay you giving your mother at all.
The cost of treating these hospitals
OK. I'll buy it now. Later.
You can fall for such a simple deception
Can you believe it?
You hurry to the hospital now
Pay for your mother's hospital bills
kid
When you play with me
You think I'm doing charity
You people
unscrupulous
Throwing buildings to harm compatriots
Call me and teach him a good lesson
Except the head
Call anywhere else
Hmph, I'm very rich
Yesmeda
You, you, don't come here
Do you know who is behind this company?
It's a building you can't afford to mess with
Shen Family Shen Jie
Shen Tian, none of you can escape
No one can save you who are murdering your fellow citizens
I need you to do one more thing now